celery family
carrot family
periwinkle family
daisy family
bignonia family
forget-me-not family
cabbage family
bean family
bellflower family
pink family
st. john's wort family
bindweed family
heath family
geranium family
african violet family
waterleaf family
iris family
mint family
nettle family
lily family
mallow family
banana family
wood sorrel family
poppy family
leadwort family
phlox family
primrose family
buttercup family
rose family
bedstraw family
saxifrage family
figwort family
potato family
violet family
mock orange family
terebinth family
valerian family
trumpet creeper family
cattail family
rapatea family
mustard family
annona family
ditch stonecrop family
triuris family
crowfoot family
family of thallose liverworts
tree fern family
pitcher-plant family
bunchflower family
bromeliad family
podocarpus family
maple family
water plantain family
umbellifer family
sweetgum family
bombax family
carica family
onion family
jewel-weed family
four-o'clock family
panama hat family
guanabana family
ginkgo family
plant family
prayer-plant family
cacao family
spiderwort family
philesia family
portulaca family
milkweed family
buckthorn family
carpet-weed family
sweet and soursop family
alder family
mesembryanthemum family
australian pitcher-plant family
caper family
eelgrass family
bulrush family
nightshade family
plane tree family
air plant family
boxwood family
purslane family
legume family
aralia family
cephalotus family
basella family
screwpine family
jacob's-ladder family
aponogeton family
carrion flower family
rock brake family
flacourtia family
seagrass family
quillwort family
filmy fern family
yellow-alder family
rhabdodendron family
spleenwort family
acharia family
dogwood family
shieldfern family
fumitory subfamily
maidenhair family
dutchman's-pipe family
casuarina family
ditch grass family
vervain family
annatto family
magnolia family
scaly tree fern family
hypoxis family
pondweed family
grape family
pipevine family
pipewort family
pigweed family
teasel family
climbing fern family
pickerelweed family
maidenhair fern family
sour gum family
elephant's foot family
blechnum family
moonvine family
spurge family
ancistrocladus family
shoestring fern family
bog-moss family
gentian family
four o'clock family
horned pondweed family
hornwort family
peony family
watershield family
melastome family
nasturtium family
coffee family
tamarisk family
arrow-grass family
barberry family
bleeding-heart subfamily
ginseng family
lardizabala family
flax family
alstroemeria family
logania family
drimys family
hanguana family
lizard's-tail family
canna family
heliotrope family
andreaea family
cliff fern family
polipody family
mimosa family
rush family
wild petunia family
plum yew family
horsetail family
protea family
bloodwort family
southern beech family
touch-me-not family
orchidantha family
stemona family
pomegranate family
ladyfern family
degeneria family
member of the papilionaceae family
waterwort family
hemp family
chain fern family
buddleja family
birch family
family of coffee plants
blackboy family
deer fern family
clubmoss family
sweet-flag family
pteris family
fumitory family
sundew family
polipod family
cat's-tail family
dichapetalum family
amaryllis family
crowberry family
araucaria family
kapok family
elm family
loosestrife family
sycamore family
maidenhair tree family
hippuris family
pea family
crucifer family
birthwort family
arrowgrass family
fig family
globularia family
borage family
whisk-fern family
hyacinth family
mosquito fern family
honeysuckle family
duckweed fern family
balsam family
leaf-flower family
arum family
ash family
achiote family
costus family
floating-fern family
madeira-vine family
aster family
manatee-grass family
planetree family
madeira vine family
asphodel subfamily
carnation family
witch-hazel family
sandalwood family
amaranth family
lotus-lily family
water-milfoil family
campanula family
composite family
algal family
gooseberry family
cucurbit family
heather family
forking fern family
begonia family
tape-grass family
bulrush family]
family]
dayflower family
sweet shrub family
amblystegia family
lopseed family
grass family
duckweed family
melon family
mezereum family
oxalis family
plantain family
wood fern family
beefwood family
cranesbill family
box family
muskroot family
bur-reed family
hydrangea family
elderberry family
loasa family
bixa family
anise-tree family
myrtle family
chloranthus family
chain fern family]
pittosporum family
witch hazel family
trumpetvine family
bog asphodel family
batis family
mahogany family
cotton family
cashew family
palm family
frog's-bit family
cyclanthus family
astelia family
starvine family
pentaphylax family
member of the lily family
parnassia family
verbena family
evening primrose family
leek family
ice plant family
holly family
arrowhead family
willow family
umbrella pine family
butterfly-bush family
datisca family
selaginella family
moonseed family
yam family
oleander family
reedmace family
ebony family
water hawthorn family
globe-daisy family
moschatel family
laurel family
coca family
grapevine family
rock rose family
gesneria family
welwitschia family
persimmon family
gourd family
ivy family
mulberry family
virginia stonecrop family
willowherb family
broomrape family
yellow-eyed grass family
wintera family
century-plant family
milkwort family
sand lily family
storax family
pansy family
colchicum family
sea lavender family
buckbean family
balanophora family
flowering rush family
olive family
quassia family
tofieldia family
fig marigold family
custard apple family
sisal family
wake-robin family
vellozia family
pineapple family
calla family
catalpa family
hernandia family
winter's bark family
marcgravia family
water-nymph family
soapberry family
tea family
bleeding-heart family
beet family
piper family
dogbane family
mistletoe family
parnassia subfamily
horse-chestnut family
akania family
stonecrop family
nutmeg family
fumewort family
greenbrier family
estuary-grass family
marsh fern family
sapodilla family
plumbago family
incense tree family
goosefoot family
daffodil family
stafftree family
citrus family
sterculia family
st. johnswort family
mares tail family
grass of parnassus family
aloe family
sword fern family
trillium family
dasypogon family
parsley family
papaya family
burmannia family
linden family
sesame family
pokeweed family
azolla family
davallia family
bracken family
fern family
water lily family
bird of paradise family
walnut family
cape-pondweed family
aroid family
beech family
sunflower family
cyanella family
sumac family
cherimoya family
polytrichum family
riverweed family
daphniphyllum family
water-clover family
dicksonia family
orchid family
flagellaria family
heliconia family
ginger family
amborella family
saltwort family
chinese gooseberry family
waterleaf subfamily
peruvian lily family
passion flower family
cycads family
mignonette family
cheesewood family
cypress family
bayberry family
morning glory family
royal fern family
water-hyacinth family
goodenia family
monkey-puzzle tree family
spiral flag family
balanops family
asparagus family
knotweed family
bladderwort family
sedge family
philydrum family
water-horn fern family
alangium family
squash family
madder family
oleaster family
camellia family
acanthus family
bladdernut family
stemsucker family
orpine family
adder's tongue family
calamus family
pepper family
ephedra family
lotus family
curly grass family
cactus family
carpetweed family
agave family
milkweed subfamily
arrowroot family
achatocarpus family
creosote bush family
pine family
